c:\users\class\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.exe.config
c:\users\class\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.exe
c:\users\class\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.pdb
c:\users\class\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\class\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.Form1.resources
c:\users\class\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\class\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\class\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.exe
c:\users\class\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.pdb
C:\Users\Class\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Class\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.Clients.resources
C:\Users\Class\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\clientsList.json
C:\Users\Class\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Class\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Class\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Class\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Class\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Class\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Class\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Class\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\clientsList.json
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.exe.config
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.exe
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.pdb
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.Clients.resources
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.exe
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.pdb
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\bin\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.application
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Costi\source\repos\TaxReturnCalculator\TaxReturnCalculator\obj\Debug\TaxReturnCalculator.application
